<en-US>
InstaVideo Downloader is a fast and easy-to-use app that allows you to download Instagram videos with just one tap. With its user-friendly interface, you can quickly save your favorite videos to watch offline, share with friends, or repost on your own Instagram feed.

No login details or other information required. Created just for you. :)
The AI is searching for you, so you can download videos with 100% success. After downloading, you can directly share the video file, watch it in the Downloads Section.

Additionally, the app can be selected directly from the app sharing options when an Instagram link is shared. You don't necessarily need to copy and paste the link here.

The Only Ad is the Bottom Banner, that's all. Give it a try; you will love it :)
</en-US>
<ar>
إن إنستا فيديو داونلودر هو تطبيق سريع وسهل الاستخدام يتيح لك تحميل مقاطع فيديو من إنستجرام بنقرة واحدة فقط. من خلال واجهته السهلة الاستخدام، يمكنك حفظ مقاطع الفيديو المفضلة لديك لمشاهدتها دون اتصال بالإنترنت، ومشاركتها مع الأصدقاء، أو إعادة نشرها على حسابك في إنستجرام الخاص بك.

لا تحتاج إلى معلومات تسجيل الدخول أو أية معلومات أخرى. تم إنشاؤه فقط من أجلك. :)
يقوم الذكاء الاصطناعي بالبحث عنك، حتى تتمكن من تحميل مقاطع الفيديو بنسبة نجاح 100٪. بعد التحميل، يمكنك مشاركة ملف الفيديو مباشرة، ومشاهدته في قسم التنزيلات.

بالإضافة إلى ذلك، يمكن تحديد التطبيق مباشرة من خيارات مشاركة التطبيق عند مشاركة رابط إنستجرام. لا حاجة بالضرورة لنسخ ولصق الرابط هنا.

الإعلان الوحيد هو البانر في الجزء السفلي، هذا كل شيء. جربه؛ ستحبه :)
</ar>
<de-DE>
InstaVideo Downloader ist eine schnelle und benutzerfreundliche App, mit der Sie Instagram-Videos mit nur einem Fingertipp herunterladen können. Dank seiner benutzerfreundlichen Oberfläche können Sie Ihre Lieblingsvideos schnell offline speichern, mit Freunden teilen oder auf Ihrem eigenen Instagram-Feed erneut veröffentlichen.

Keine Anmeldedaten oder andere Informationen erforderlich. Speziell für Sie erstellt. :)
Die KI sucht für Sie, sodass Sie Videos mit 100% Erfolg herunterladen können. Nach dem Download können Sie die Videodatei direkt teilen und im Download-Bereich ansehen.

Zusätzlich kann die App direkt aus den Freigabeoptionen der App ausgewählt werden, wenn ein Instagram-Link geteilt wird. Sie müssen den Link hier nicht unbedingt kopieren und einfügen.

Die einzige Werbung ist das Banner am unteren Rand, das ist alles. Probieren Sie es aus; Sie werden es lieben :)
</de-DE>
<es-ES>
InstaVideo Downloader es una aplicación rápida y fácil de usar que te permite descargar videos de Instagram con solo un toque. Con su interfaz amigable, puedes guardar rápidamente tus videos favoritos para ver sin conexión, compartir con amigos o volver a publicar en tu propio feed de Instagram.

No se requieren detalles de inicio de sesión u otra información. Creado solo para ti. :)
La IA está buscando por ti, para que puedas descargar videos con un éxito del 100%. Después de descargarlos, puedes compartir directamente el archivo de video y verlo en la sección de Descargas.

Además, la aplicación se puede seleccionar directamente desde las opciones de compartir de la aplicación cuando se comparte un enlace de Instagram. No es necesario copiar y pegar el enlace aquí.

El único anuncio es el banner inferior, eso es todo. Pruébalo; te encantará :)
</es-ES>
<fr-FR>
InstaVideo Downloader est une application rapide et facile à utiliser qui vous permet de télécharger des vidéos Instagram en un seul clic. Avec son interface conviviale, vous pouvez enregistrer rapidement vos vidéos préférées pour les regarder hors ligne, les partager avec vos amis ou les reposter sur votre propre flux Instagram.

Aucun détail de connexion ou autre information requis. Créé juste pour vous. :)
L'IA recherche pour vous, afin que vous puissiez télécharger des vidéos avec un succès de 100 %. Après le téléchargement, vous pouvez directement partager le fichier vidéo et le regarder dans la section Téléchargements.

De plus, l'application peut être sélectionnée directement dans les options de partage de l'application lorsque vous partagez un lien Instagram. Vous n'avez pas besoin de copier et coller le lien ici.

La seule publicité est la bannière inférieure, c'est tout. Essayez-le ; vous l'adorerez :)
</fr-FR>
<it-IT>
InstaVideo Downloader è un'app veloce e facile da usare che ti consente di scaricare video da Instagram con un solo tocco. Grazie alla sua interfaccia user-friendly, puoi salvare rapidamente i tuoi video preferiti per guardarli offline, condividerli con gli amici o ripubblicarli sul tuo feed Instagram.

Nessun dettaglio di accesso o altre informazioni richieste. Creato appositamente per te. :)
L'IA sta cercando per te, così puoi scaricare video con il 100% di successo. Dopo il download, puoi condividere direttamente il file video e guardarlo nella sezione Download.

Inoltre, l'app può essere selezionata direttamente dalle opzioni di condivisione dell'app quando viene condiviso un link di Instagram. Non è necessario copiare e incollare il link qui.

L'unico annuncio è il banner in basso, questo è tutto. Provalo; ti piacerà :)
</it-IT>
<ja-JP>
InstaVideo Downloaderは、Instagramの動画をたった1回のタップでダウンロードできる高速で使いやすいアプリです。使いやすいインターフェースにより、お気に入りの動画をすばやくオフラインで保存し、友達と共有したり、自分のInstagramフィードに再投稿したりできます。

ログイン詳細やその他の情報は不要です。あなたのためだけに作成されました。 :)
AIがあなたのために検索して、100％の成功で動画をダウンロードします。ダウンロード後、動画ファイルを直接共有したり、ダウンロードセクションで視聴したりできます。

さらに、Instagramのリンクが共有された場合、アプリはアプリの共有オプションから直接選択できます。ここにリンクをコピーして貼り付ける必要はありません。

唯一の広告は下部バナーだけです。試してみてください。気に入っていただけるでしょう :)
</ja-JP>
<pt-PT>
O InstaVideo Downloader é um aplicativo rápido e fácil de usar que permite que você baixe vídeos do Instagram com apenas um toque. Com sua interface amigável, você pode salvar rapidamente seus vídeos favoritos para assistir offline, compartilhar com amigos ou repostar em seu próprio feed do Instagram.

Não são necessárias informações de login ou outros detalhes. Criado especialmente para você. :)
A IA está pesquisando para você, para que você possa baixar vídeos com 100% de sucesso. Após o download, você pode compartilhar diretamente o arquivo de vídeo e assisti-lo na seção de Downloads.

Além disso, o aplicativo pode ser selecionado diretamente nas opções de compartilhamento do aplicativo quando um link do Instagram é compartilhado. Não é necessário copiar e colar o link aqui.

O único anúncio é o banner inferior, isso é tudo. Experimente, você vai adorar :)
</pt-PT>
<ru-RU>
InstaVideo Downloader - быстрое и простое в использовании приложение, которое позволяет загружать видео из Instagram всего одним нажатием. Благодаря удобному интерфейсу вы можете быстро сохранить свои любимые видео для просмотра офлайн, делиться с друзьями или повторно размещать их на своей странице в Instagram.

Никаких данных для входа или другой информации не требуется. Создано специально для вас. :)
ИИ ищет для вас, чтобы вы могли загружать видео с успехом на 100%. После загрузки вы можете сразу поделиться файлом видео и смотреть его в разделе Загрузки.

Кроме того, приложение можно выбрать непосредственно из вариантов обмена приложением при совместном использовании ссылки Instagram. Вам не обязательно копировать и вставлять ссылку здесь.

Единственная реклама - это баннер внизу, всё. Попробуйте, вам понравится :)
</ru-RU>
<tr-TR>
InstaVideo Downloader, tek bir dokunuşla Instagram videolarını indirmenize olanak sağlayan hızlı ve kullanımı kolay bir uygulamadır. Kullanıcı dostu arayüzü sayesinde favori videolarınızı hızlı bir şekilde çevrimdışı izlemek, arkadaşlarınızla paylaşmak veya kendi Instagram beslemenizde yeniden paylaşmak için kaydedebilirsiniz.

Giriş bilgileri veya diğer bilgilere ihtiyaç yok. Sadece sizin için oluşturuldu. :)
Yapay zeka, sizin için araştırıyor, böylece videoları %100 başarıyla indirebilirsiniz. İndirdikten sonra video dosyasını doğrudan paylaşabilir ve İndirmeler Bölümünde izleyebilirsiniz.

Ayrıca, Instagram bağlantısı paylaşıldığında uygulamayı doğrudan uygulama paylaşım seçeneklerinden seçebilirsiniz. Burada bağlantıyı kopyalamak ve yapıştırmak gerekmez.

Tek reklam alt banttır, bu kadar. Deneyin; seveceksiniz :)
</tr-TR>
<zh-CN>
InstaVideo Downloader是一个快速且易于使用的应用程序，您只需轻按一下即可下载Instagram视频。借助其用户友好的界面，您可以快速保存喜爱的视频以供离线观看，与朋友分享或重新发布到您自己的Instagram动态。

无需登录信息或其他信息。专为您创建。:)
AI正在为您搜索，以便您能以100％的成功下载视频。下载后，您可以直接分享视频文件，并在“下载”部分观看。

此外，当分享Instagram链接时，该应用程序可以直接从应用程序共享选项中选择。您无需在此处复制和粘贴链接。

唯一的广告是底部横幅，仅此而已。试试看，您会喜欢的:)
</zh-CN>
